Mengran ZHUANG Address: 450 S Easton Road, Glenside, PA 19038, USA Email: 1242445057@qq.com Tel: (+1) 267 551 9335  EDUCATION  Arcadia University Pennsylvania, USA Bachelor of Science in Mathematics & Applied Mathematics Sep 2024– Jul 2026 l GPA: 3.72/100 l Courses: Theory of Computatn, Computer Ethics, Database Mgt Sys Des, Intro Data Sci w/R, Dsgn & Analy of Algo Jiangsu University Jiangsu, China Major in Mathematics & Applied Mathematics Sep 2022 – Jun 2024 l GPA: 3.32/4.0 l Courses: Application Software Practice, Fundamentals of Computer Programming (I & II), Mathematical Analysis ( I & II & III) l Supplementary Education: National University of Singapore (NUS) - Data Analytics and Mathematical Statistics Programme. ACADEMIC PROJECTS AI-Assisted Human Memory Research 2025 l Conducted a group study on the effectiveness of AI in assisting human memory, focusing on remembering Wi-Fi passwords. l Designed two OpenAI model-based (story-based and phonetic mnemonic) memory-assistive prompt engineering strategies. l Developed Python scripts to interact with OpenAI API for automatic generation of memory prompts. l Visualised experimental data to evaluate the effectiveness of different memory aids. Economic & Social Development Data Analysis, CS229.1 - Introduction to Data Science with R 2024 l Analysed the relationship between countries’ GDP and social indicators (life expectancy, enrollment rates, maternal mortality). l Collected and cleaned data from World Bank GEM and HNP databases using R Language, performed integration, visualisation, and statistical modelling. l Identified trends that show an increasing relationship between countries' GDP and their education and health outcomes, which shows the contribution of economic growth to social well-being. Dynamic Web Game Deployment with Docker, CS358.1 - Operating Systems 2024 l Developed an interactive web-based game using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript; players control a ball to avoid obstacles. l Containerised the game with Docker and deployed it via Nginx, enabling cross-platform browser access. l Handled deployment practical issues such as port mapping, file paths, network settings, and firewall settings. l Received practical exposure to web development, containerisation and systems deployment processes. SKILLS & INTERESTS l Languages: Chinese (native), English (IELTS: 6.0). l Programming Skills: Skilled in Python, R and Java for data processing, analysis and visualisation. Strong Technical/Foundation background in mathematics and computer science and hands-on knowledge in algorithms, data management structures and SQL database management. Well versed in LaTeX (Across various fields of academia), VS Code (Professional - Software and Web Development).  批注 [l1]: 请确认时间 批注 [l2]: 待确认 
